Hey everyone, welcome to your very special bonus secret compilation episode that you get as part of being a Club Fish member.
This is a fun one today. Again, a very exciting collection of names joining us over the next half hour.
You're going to hear Phil Dunster. That's Jamie Tartt from Ted Lasso. You're going to hear comedian Rosie Jones.
And then of course we're joined by the brilliant Ann Miller and Alex Bell, QI elves and veterans of the No Such Thing as a Fish team.
So anyway, I hope you enjoy the episode. Before I get into it though, let's quickly reiterate something that was said on a recent episode with Neil Gaiman,
which is that we are doing our 500th episode live at the London Podcast Festival on the 14th of September, and we're going to be joined by Anna Tushinsky.
She is back, but she's back just for this one episode. She's still on maternity, but she's coming back for this one.
I feel like Andy and I might have given the impression that she's back for good now. She is coming back for good, but not just yet.
So this is a very exciting special one off. If you want to see her and enjoy it live, you can do that from the confines of your home because we are streaming the gig live.
So if you go to nosuchthingasafish.com/live, you'll find a link to the London Podcast Festival online streaming tickets. Get yourself one.
And then as a club fish member, talk about us live as it's going out, as we're recording it on the Discord. Find each other in the live episode chat and have fun just having a party virtually from all the corners of the planet.
So yeah, do do that. And until then, just enjoy secretly this extra special compilation bonus. So here we go. On with the show.
[Music]
Sorry, I thought you had the number on your hand down and it says, but for my glance, I thought it said 2023 and I thought you were rebinding yourself of what you.
[Laughter]
It's temporary tattoo every year. It's my debit card. It's pin. Oh, well, I'll cut that out.
Are you not worried someone's going to cut your hand off?
Funnily enough, no. I sort of thought I don't have enough money in my account for that to be a thing.
It's not like this is being recorded or anything. With cameras around.
And I've got a bone to pick with the movies because I thought that a lot of cowboys, I think it's very rare to see anyone that's non-white as a cowboy in a movie.
And it turns out that one in four Texan cowboys were African American. The number of Mexican cowboys were even more than that.
Yet we've whitewashed the whole thing in the movies.
Yeah, that's the movies for you.
That's John Wayne for you and that's Clint Eastwood. It's all those movies are completely whitewashed.
There's a lot of effort in America right now to readdress with the stories of anyone who was non-white to say they actually were a huge part of it.
It was still horrific. It wasn't like the sense of a cowboy is that you're a loner doing your own thing.
They were still slave cowboys and so on.
Have you heard of the Hawaiian cowboys?
This was a huge thing and a big element of and again way before the wild west era, the frontier stuff.
So Hawaii didn't have what Hawaii had a bit of a slow start in the cowboy states because there were no large animals on Hawaii until the end of the 18th century.
So there was no need basically.
But then there were cows brought over in 1793. They were brought to King Kamehameha and they were they were protected and they were bred, you know, very intensively.
So you eventually had loads and loads of cows and the Hawaiian people then brought over a load of vaqueros, the Mexican cowboys to teach them the ways of the cow herding.
And the World Championship Radio Finals in 1908, the Hawaiian cowboy won one of those competitions.
And again, you don't think of a Hawaiian.
Yeah, they came first, second and sixth despite one of the team having an asthma attack halfway through, which is not what you want when you're riding a fucking Bronco or whatever.
I just need to get my inhaler.
I was reading the Kansas City Journal, we talked about the old days of the the Wild West kind of thing.
But there was some cowboys who would get into lasso jewels.
Cool.
I would say lasso or lasso.
I say lasso.
You've been watching Ted Lasso.
You know a lot when I was researching this.
Yeah, in America, they call it lasso, don't they?
Yeah.
And I think lasso, I think it comes from the Spanish lasso.
So I think you should call it lasso, but we do call it lasso.
No idea why.
But anyway, yeah, you would, two people who wanted to duel against each other because something's gone wrong in their relationship would go on the horses.
Yeah, okay, great.
You'd all have a, you'd each have a lasso and you try and lasso the other guy and pull him off his horse.
Okay.
Nice.
Not nice because then you drag him to his death.
Oh, no.
Wow.
Yeah.
You see that a lot in movies where someone's tied at the feet with a lasso and then they're dragged to the ground.
No, it looks a lot more fun.
It does.
It looks really good.
A lot of things do.
Well, just while we're on books, puffin books, going back to what we were saying earlier, the original puffin books were published to explain war to children.
Really?
That was their first brief.
Yeah, when they came out.
Are they like penguin, like one of the penguin?
Yeah, like the kids version of, within the imprint of penguin.
So it was like the penguin book of war?
Yes, a world war two.
No fiction.
Yeah, it was, they would do books that like called The Clothes We Wear, which was explaining all about, you know, the industry and what was going on.
There was Animals of the Countryside, Great Deeds of War.
These were all published in 1941 and it was there just to, it was kind of propaganda to an extent, but important propaganda sort of.
It's all important propaganda.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's true.
Very rarely find good, very few good propaganda will admit that stuff is trivial and irrelevant.
But on the Saving Puffins, I read about a project that was dubbed the Pufferatze, which is the RSPV.
RSPV Scotland appealed for public photos of puffins and basically got a massive data grab of puffins all over the country.
And what they were eating, that's how they found out that actually maybe they're not eating as nutritious meals as they once were.
But I thought, what a great way to get more information, just be like, have you seen a puffin? Send me their photo.
That's really good.
That's a great name too.
Pufferatze.
I got one more thing on puffins before we move on.
Okay.
This, because I found this really interesting.
If you have a bird that lives near the equator, they tend to have big beaks.
And if you have one that lives in the north or in the south where it's colder, then they tend to have small beaks.
And that is because they use their beak to get rid of heat.
Oh.
Okay. So because there's lots of like vascul, vascals and blood that goes through those beaks in it.
So it cools you down.
Now the issue is puffins have big beaks and they live in the cold part of the world.
So what is going on?
And it turns out that the reason is that when they fly, they're flying such long distances and they're really, really beating their wings.
They're creating loads and loads of energy.
They're kind of getting really, really hot like you might do if you run around the park really, really fast.
Yeah.
So they're creating all this energy and they need to get rid of it.
And they use their beaks to kind of get rid of this energy and keep them cool on the inside.
And there was a guy called Dr. Elliott.
I didn't get his first name.
And he did some, some calculations and he reckoned that the amount of energy that you get from a single puffin flying around coming out of their beak is enough to light a light bulb.
Wow.
That's amazing.
So you could theoretically put a little light bulb on their beak.
Yeah.
And they'd be flying around and it'd be a beautiful light bulb.
That's incredible.
You know how they have drones instead of fireworks.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You could do it with puffins.
I wonder if anyone's ever tried to breed puffins on the equator just to see how big the beaks get.
Look, there's one fictional footballer we have to talk about.
Yeah.
Roy the Rovers.
Oh, yeah.
I can't believe we haven't.
Roy the Rovers.
He's a cartoon comic strip character who started his career for Melchester Rovers.
I thought he only ever played for Melchester.
No, he moved to what?
Walford Rovers.
Oh, did he?
The same borrower as EastEnders is filmed.
Yeah.
I know.
Right.
Anyway, he started in 1954.
20 years later, he became a player manager.
Lasted another 20 years.
So 40 years playing.
Good career.
That is a good career.
I believe that's a long footballing career.
But because it's a comic strip, they just had, he had such a busy life, basically.
Like so he married the club secretary.
They had three kids, blah, blah, blah.
His wife left him because he was spending too much time on the club, which made it onto national news.
At the time it happened.
Right.
I think the 17s or 80s are a bit slower, apparently.
He was kidnapped five times in his first 10 years as a footballer.
Oh, that's a lucky one.
It's very good.
Lucky.
He was shot in his office by a mystery gunman.
And that happened the year after on the TV show Dallas.
JR Ewing was shot.
Copycat offense.
Yeah.
Then in July '86, eight Rovers players died in a terrorist accident when they were on tour.
He got away with a dislocated shoulder, but he was in a coma twice and his playing career
ended when he got his left foot amputated after a helicopter crash in 1993.
Wow.
I know.
That's the writer's room on acid.
That really is.
But I don't know if this is a well-known thing, but I didn't know that the president couldn't
open windows.
It's not allowed to open windows.
Sorry.
It's a security concern.
It has to tell.
Why?
Because they...
Will fall out.
Wonder where Shudo might be waiting.
Someone might be there or there might be somebody hanging around trying to get in or whatever.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
And it was...
I think Michelle Obama said that she was...
It was a special day.
She was given a treat.
I can't remember what happened that day, but she was allowed to have the windows open.
I said she was allowed to open the windows herself.
For an afternoon.
I think that they were opened for her.
For her.
Yeah, yeah.
What a treat.
Because they're so conscious of safety.
And then when...
I don't know.
Clinton, when he went...
He loved jogging.
Right.
And he refused.
They tried to make him a jogging track inside the grounds of the White House.
He was like, "No, no, no.
I want to go out and jog."
And he was like, "I want to be with the people."
And you can imagine how the president of the United States just going on a jog through
the park and people jogging with him.
The secret service lost their mind.
So weird.
Because we've said before on this, I'm sure we must have done that.
They used to.
You used to be able to just go to the White House and shake the hand of the president.
That's so weird.
Yeah, yeah.
Until it wasn't that real.
Someone died.
Someone got killed, didn't they?
I can't remember which president it was.
One of them got assassinated by someone who went to shake the hand, but they had a gun in
the hand and shot them.
Oh, really?
Not Garfield?
No.
Don't recall.
Garfield was shot by someone turning out.
Yeah.
No, I know who it was.
There's one more.
There's one more president.
McKinley.
It was McKinley.
Right, yeah.
Because McKinley used to keep a coronation on him.
And he was always...
It was his lucky coronation.
He had one on.
He felt bad luck was with him.
So always wore one.
And moments before he was assassinated, he gave his flower to a little girl.
And literally, like a minute later, this guy shoots him and kills him.
Yeah.
And there were no doctors around.
So he went to hospital and he had to be looked after by a gynecologist who was looking at
the wound.
I can't see a head.
Guys, that's really interesting.
I didn't know all those bits.
I'm going off the top of my head here, but I'm pretty sure that that's all.
That's amazing.
It's all right.
And there was one president who escaped through the window when there was a little riot there.
Well, it's a good thing they had an institute in this no window room.
I was looking into name changes that happened by accident.
Most famously, autocorrect.
Yeah.
Autocorrect.
Such a fun thing.
So this is amazing.
The creator of autocorrect, who was a guy called...
Or at least the person who's attributed as the main creator of autocorrect.
Guy called Dean Hatchimovich or Hatchimovich.
Even when he meets people, he autocorrects their name by accident.
So the guy writing the article, in the article, the writer who's called Gideon goes up to
Dean, puts his hand up, says, "Dean."
And he says, "Gabriel."
And he goes, "No, no, it's Gideon."
And Dean goes, "I'm so sorry, autocorrect.
I just do that.
I just naturally...
Really?
I remember."
Yeah.
So he says he's got autocorrect going.
That's bizarre.
I know it's bizarre, but that's what he says, right?
And he's not a...
I know.
It's not a fun.
He's a human, right?
He autocorrects people's names and then apologizes.
So...
Is he okay?
But autocor...
That's not autocorrect.
That's auto-incorrect as well.
Yes.
Well, no.
That was the thing.
So, a lot of the problems with autocorrect is that initially it was to do with trying to predict where you were going with something.
But in the early days, they used to use the prank as well.
So you could go...
He went to his daughter's school, for example, and while he was at his daughter's school,
he was doing a presentation, got into the computer,
and made it so that any time that the teacher had to email him about his daughter,
the autocorrect of her name would change to The Pretty Princess.
And there was nothing she just kept saying.
So he's...
This is the same guy?
This is before autocorrect was a solid system where it do its own thing.
You could hack into it and you could change what you wanted for the autocorrecting to be.
Yeah.
But there was a guy who officially gave him the idea for how rude words should no longer be allowed to be part of autocorrect.
Because a man wrote in saying, "You've changed my name to Bill Vagina."
And it's not Bill Vagina.
And it keeps changing.
That was the inspiration.
And they created what was known as the words which should neither be flagged nor suggested list as a result of this.
Yeah.
My name isn't Bill Vagina.
It's HSBC, our corporate wankers.
But actually, that is a thing about autocorrect that I hate because I swear a lot.
And the amount of time that I'm talking, who had ever needed to be talking?
Just people who were trying to find out if you were a witch or not.
That's actually the only time in history, is it?
Can I tell you some Lancashire dialect that I didn't know?
Oh, yeah.
So I found a really old book of Lancashire dialect words.
So, bants.
If you say someone's got a lot of bants.
B-A-N-T-S.
Oh, yeah.
Top bants.
What does it mean in Lancashire?
Someone's got a lot of bants.
Top bants.
You can't work this out logically, I'm afraid.
And it's Lancashire.
Lancashire, yeah.
Bants.
Is it like Cockney rhyming slang?
Is it working that way?
Not this one, no.
It just means you've got a lot of strength.
If you're really strong, you've got a lot of bants.
Okay, right.
This one you might be able to get.
Balls out.
Is that courage?
Yeah, yeah.
I think it's so hot you've got to get your balls out.
Remind me not to go on holiday.
No, it means to call out.
To call out, like to ball, to shout.
So your mum might balls out.
Balls out.
Sons out.
Balls out, mother.
Guns out.
Balls out.
Yeah.
Isn't she saying come in for your tea?
Yeah, kind of.
She shouts balls out.
No, she bows out.
Oh, she would be just balls out.
Okay, yeah, yeah.
She balls out.
Oh, yeah, that makes sense.
Yeah, yeah, okay.
A wankle is a wobbly horse.
Sorry, what is a wobbly horse?
A wankle.
Oh, okay, thank you.
It's a horse that kind of wobbles a little bit.
Like a wooden horse or an actual horse.
No, an actual horse.
Maybe a bit lame or...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
Isn't there a wankle engine?
That's after a guy called Wankle.
Right, right, right.
I think the wankle engine.
Yeah, I got a million more of those.
I think we've reached the end of them.
Here's a Wigan joke.
This will explain what a Wigan accent is like.
A man goes to the vets and says, "My cat's not well.
Can you have a look at it?"
The vet says, "Is it a tom?"
And the man says, "No, it's a basket."
That's good.
Oh, that's really nice.
It's at home.
Yeah, that's how Wigan people talk.
That's very good.
Nice.
Definitely see like a linguist at a university opening a lecture with that.
See, it's a bit of fun.
We're going to have fun, guys.
I'm at Bridlington's only after a platform.
It is, of course, a hometown of glorious comedians.
Rosie.
Yeah.
But from that, I love that it is the lost capital of Europe.
Really?
Yeah.
What most lobsters fish there?
So, and you see it at 5 a.m., there's so many lobsters that come especially from Spain.
They get all the lobsters and take them back.
So, if you're in Raleigh right now, jumping down on the rail,
lobsters, you're welcome.
It's from Bridlington.
That's amazing.
That's so cool.
The second tallest man in the world is a Paralympian.
What events?
Does he?
He is in Sit Down Volleyball.
Oh.
This is quite fun because he does have a tall torso.
So, that's where he's got a lot of his height.
But he's not fully utilizing the entire length of his body.
You've got to keep a buttock on the ground though, haven't you?
Yes, that's right.
Really?
Yeah.
I can't remember why or an edge of a buttock.
There's some that you can't like jump, really.
Yes.
I guess so.
Yeah.
I can never call them.
I don't know.
That's tough.
I don't know what classification that is.
No bum.
No bum, yeah.
That's Stephen Fry's favorite joke that he used to always say.
He said, "Yesterday I was walking the field and I picked a buttock up."
I don't know who left all those buttocks there.
There it is.
In Harvard, the university, in 1950, you could not get a diploma unless you had passed a test
in rope descending.
Why?
Riddle me that, Rosie.
Yeah.
So rope descending, is that like abseiling or is it just climbing down a…
It's climbing down a rope, I'm afraid to say.
It's not ziplining.
OK.
It's in the same territory.
Do you have a good reason that we have to get…
Oh, well let's go.
We can get it.
Not in a million years.
Hang on, so it's Harvard.
It's Harvard.
Yeah.
Is it to get down from the unicycle?
No, I've got it.
There is an exam room underground but there's no stairs.
Yeah.
No.
It's like those clever interview questions they ask.
Yeah.
Guys, I know this is because Harvard's a very old educational institution.
They'll have some churches on site.
They will have a bell tower and you've got to be able to get down from the bell tower.
Yeah, famously by ropes.
Bell ringers are always at the top of the tower, aren't they?
They do the ropes by hand.
Yeah.
Yeah, and then they climb down.
The ropes actually were just to get down from the bells.
Right.
And then that's how bell ringing was invented, of course.
Yeah.
I thought, what if we just use the rope?
Stayed off the ground.
From down here.
Yeah, that's clever.
Is that it?
No, it's because the dorms didn't have fire exits.
Oh.
And when you came to Harvard, each freshman was given a rope in their room to help them
get down from…
What?
In case there was a fire?
That's clever.
Isn't that amazing?
That is why I didn't go to Harvard.
And they wanted me.
They were begging me.
One of my favourite sports is called murder ball.
Oh, yeah.
And it is a wheelchair rugby.
And if you haven't seen it, watch a clip.
It is brutal.
It's a rugby, but other people are having wheelchair.
It's one of the only sports which is mixed.
Oh, right.
So you have men and women on the same team, and literally the players will run into people
and they will come flying out of their wheelchair.
And my favourite fact is it's the only sport that on the team they officially have a world.
Oh, wow.
There's a world around the sidelines ready and when there's a great crash they will run
on world of wheelchair back together.
Live welding.
And carry on.
I'm loving that.
They also, it's a sport that has two different types of wheelchairs.
You have offensive wheelchairs and defensive wheelchairs.
So the offensive ones, the offensive wheelchairs have a round bumper on it, so for the crashes
when those are happening and then the defensive ones have a bumper protruding from it.
They don't have like sauce and stuff like a robot was.
I just want to see what this welder does.
Do you know that in 1879 the word zipline existed?
Go on.
Can you guess what it meant?
So the fly of a trouser, maybe they had a zip on your trousers there and the zipline was
a sewing term clothing.
In the 30s and 40s you'll see newspaper articles like adverts for zipline dresses and stuff.
It was used like that, but before that had another meaning.
Is it when you told people to shut up, you did the zipline as a motion across the mouth?
You're really close actually.
Ah, interesting.
But would the zip have been invented to tell people to zip it?
No, that was invented in the early 20th century, I think the zip wasn't it.
Was that because of zippy or did zippy come retrospective of zip it?
I don't think they're really in the same referential universe.
No, I know.
I saw a bin lorry go past with a zippy on it on the front of it this morning.
It was really upsetting.
Oh, yeah.
I think you're not...
Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry.
Is it a cigar?
That looks like it.
The stitched lines look like a zip, don't they?
No.
Can you tell us?
It is.
It was a strap that you used to hit children with in school if they were being naughty.
Now, that's...
I should have got that.
But this is more interesting.
Why did they call it a zipline?
Is it the mark that it would have left?
No.
Okay, okay.
Zip.
Zip line.
Supplying?
Supply teachers were the ones who...
No, it was short for discipline.
And they got rid of the...
So they called it a discipline thing and then they called it a zipline thing and then they called it a zipline
and then a zipline.
Wow.
That is a long journey.
It felt longer than that.
But I was looking into Altdorf.
So there's about...
As of 1990, there was about 9,000 people there from the census from around then.
So you would think there's...
Are there any other notable people outside of William Tell?
So I looked into it just to see if there were any other famous Altdorfians.
And there's a bunch of athletics people.
So there's people who ride bikes, have been in the Olympics and all that sort of stuff.
But the most interesting ones...
Cyclists.
Is that what they call it?
No, athletic bikemen.
So the one that I found most interesting was Henry Haller.
And Henry Haller, he was born in Altdorf and he was a chef.
And he was the main chef for five presidents at the White House.
So from Lyndon B. Johnson through to Ronald Reagan, from a town that had at his time like 5,000 people,
he goes to be the chief executive chef at the White House.
And he would do everything from obviously making huge state dinners,
all the way down to like Lyndon Johnson's daughter's school lunchbox,
making the tuna sandwiches and so on.
I kind of feel like not to do down his achievement, but sort of the era that he was cooking in.
You could get away with kind of normal cooking.
It's a cool job, but like, I don't think he was cooking the most like a main...
Yeah, I guess so. LBJ, JFK.
Yeah.
You know what I mean? Back in the day, that's like...
Nixon.
Reagan.
I feel like Jimmy Carter would have had some interesting tastes.
But I mean, in terms of like quality of food and the perception and style of food,
there's not really like, there's fewer ingredients available.
I think the 70s was rubbish. That's what you're saying.
Yeah, basically, yeah.
No, but you had global dignitaries coming in.
So you were having to make things that sat aside a palette that was a bit more global.
And he did have opinions about that because they all wanted different like,
some of the president's wives wanted menus had different colors
and so he had to redo all the menus or more tapioca pudding with the big demand.
That's a printer issue.
He was in charge of it, I guess, as well.
Sounds like Fenty Towers.
He's running in and out of the kitchen with different colors of menus.
What's the bear's erection on this menu?
Oh, go you!
But he said that the Democrats were harder when the Democrats were in power
to cater for than the Republicans because the Republicans would have guests
that were very much of a type. They all had the same sort of palette.
Whereas Democrats were always going and hanging out with truckers
like, you know, they were like more friends of the people.
And so he said that you were constantly having to change the type of...
I know you'd think that would make it easier, but actually...
I really changed with Trump, didn't I?
That picture of him in front of all the McDonald's and the White House
is my favorite picture in the world.
That's your favorite picture in the world.
There are so many millions, billions of images in the world.
It's more than ever these days.
The images of my friends and family.
No, it was the fragile earth hanging in space.
Your beautiful sea creatures that we've never caught on camera before.
I just think every time I look at it, it makes me laugh.
That funeral card where it's going, "Why is Trump and McDonald's?"
Rumour is an interesting word that kept cropping up during this research
where it's anyone who is a famous model railway collector or builder.
You've given it away. You just said "roddle".
No, I don't think he's going to do it.
No, we have talked about Rod Stewart in the past.
He's very unashamedly a collector and a builder.
He talks about it when he's on things like The One Show.
But other people, it says Michael Jordan, basketball player.
Rumour to have...
A secret mill basically.
Yeah, exactly.
Frank Sinatra.
Rumour to be a model railway enthusiast.
Had a room in his house called All Abored.
Or did he? We don't know.
I mean, it's so weird. There's so many celebrities who supposedly build model railways.
But we don't know.
There is one who we do know, Rod Stewart, but also Neil Young.
He's not just a model railway enthusiast.
He has seven patents that he's listed as co-inventing.
Different switches and bits of technology and cameras and sound effects.
Neil Young the Rocker.
We have talked about this because he has...
He's so loyal as his pseudonym for his railway-making life.
The part of it is because his sons have cerebral palsy.
And he's designed switches and buttons that are easier for them to use so they can operate.
Yeah, so it's called Ben.
So Ben, that's what was interesting about...
A lot of the model railways are a lot of dads and children building it.
And it's often associated with trauma.
I mean, I only found two cases, Eddie Azard and Neil Young.
But I thought that was quite interesting.
The children start building these things as a way to communicate with each other.
Yeah, definitely.
He's got a thing that makes the train sounds.
When trains can now make sounds, partly dancing Neil Young.
Like, from afar. That's pretty cool.
I once worked in an office that was also a cupboard.
Just to be on people who had to spend time in cupboards.
My first ever work experience was in an office.
And the office they gave me was very clearly a cupboard.
Are you Philip Schofield?
He used to work in the broom cupboard.
That's a joke for people of a certain age.
I wasn't sure where that was going.
I mean, all rooms are cupboards for humans in a way.
In a way.
Well, this was a cupboard for boxes.
It sounds like great work experience.
Was it one of these, like, oh, got the work experience guys here?
We don't really need to give him.
I had quite a technical and involved task to do,
but one that could be done from a cupboard.
Here's Ben on.
Are you Harry Potter?
Yeah.
I was working at Dursley Incorporated.
So what did you do? Counting boxes?
No, I was, it was something quite complex, actually,
but involved tearing and inserting very small pieces of card into a file system.
Did you work for News International?
I had to shred it.
I had a load of compromises.
I can't wait for your episode of Would I Lie to You.
A money saving instead of buying appliances,
you just get free labor to do it all.
Paper setable up to a point.
You're crying. Why are you crying?
It's just the memories.
Okay, that's it. There you go.
Those are all of our outtakes.
If you want to get in contact with any of the people that were on the show,
all of us are on Twitter and Instagram,
so just go find our handles there.
And also, as a reminder,
we are going to be doing this live show on the 14th of September.
Anna Tyshinski is back with us, and so if you want to see her,
if you want to be part of it,
join in on the live stream by getting a ticket from nosuchthingasafish.com/live.
It's going to be a really fun night.
Balloons, possibly a cake, cards, maybe presents.
We'll see. We'll see what happens.
But it's going to be fun no matter what.
So that's it for now.
We'll be back in a couple of weeks with another bonus app.
So tune in again and see you soon.
Okay. Bye for now.
(upbeat music)